make iD 2x faster during long edit sessions (#11861)
openstreetmap/iD: CHANGELOG.md

* The Languages field shows language names in your preferred language. ([#11699], thanks [@Razen04])
* When viewing the help information for tags or presets, use locale-specific properties if available ([#11760], thanks [@k-yle])
#### :hourglass: Performance

> * iD is now double as fast during long editing session ([#11861], thanks [@k-yle])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* iD is now twice as fast during long editing sessions ([#11861], thanks [@k-yle])
```

Author: thanks, done
